### From Free60

We really appreciate your interest in the [Free60](Main_Page "wikilink")
Project, and especially your enthusiasm to want to contribute\! If you
haven't yet, please have a look at our [Goals](Goals "wikilink").

## Eligibility

### Who can't contribute

Unfortunately not everyone can chip in, for example people who have
signed an NDA pertaining to the hardware or software used on the Xbox
360 can't as it would break their contract.

### Who can contribute

If you don't meet the above, congratulations\! You're eligible to
participate in the project. There are still quite a few areas of
expertise we are interested in and need information on, so please keep
reading\!

## Areas of Opportunity

These are a few areas where we can use assistance.

### Documentation

We always need people willing to update and translate all our current
documentation, as well as fill in the missing holes. For example, most
of the major file systems used on the Xbox 360 have still not fully been
explored here. If you want to help contribute to the advancement of
Free60 please read on into the Editing the Wiki section.

### Donations

Currently [Free60](Main_Page "wikilink") has no plans to incorporate or
provide other such means for easy monetary donations to the project as a
whole. If you feel like you have hardware or money that you want to
contribute to the project, feel free to donate directly to developers
and members. Free60 is not responsible for such donations. Check [Stuff
we need](Stuff_we_need "wikilink") for a list of items developers are
currently seeking.

## Editing The Wiki

This website is a [Wiki](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiki) -- a
collection of web pages, whose content may be edited anonymously, over
the internet.

### Care and Feeding

Because of it's collaborative and freely-editable nature, writing,
updating and maintaining documentation are the most important steps to
keeping the system alive.

If you are new to editing, please read through MediaWiki [help for
editors](http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Help:Contents#For_editors)
first. There's a [Sandbox](Sandbox "wikilink") for you to play around
with thereafter.

A few guidelines to go by when editing pages on this wiki:

  - Provide *accurate* information.

<!-- end list -->

  - Write an edit summary for your change. It takes the guess-work out
    of browsing through the changelog.

<!-- end list -->

  - Avoid duplication. New pages that duplicate already existing
    information are a bad idea. Work on-top of the existing content to
    better it instead.

<!-- end list -->

  - Upload only those images that you own. Or at least get permission
    from the owner to do so. Infringing on someone else's copyright does
    no one any good, really.

### Repair and Restoration

As a negative side effect, wikis are also a target of and mostly
vulnerable to [vandalism](https://web.archive.org/web/20060927204136/https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiki_vandalism.

Spotting and reverting cases of vandalism can be anywhere from time
consuming, to trivial a task. Either way, this is greatly appreciated.

[Category:Support](Category_Support)
