# With opening the console

When you open your Xbox Console you can determine the Revision
precisely. First you have to locate the used Video Encoder Chip\!

## Determine Video-Chip

The VideoChip is located in the marked area:
![Vchip location](images/Vchip-location.jpg)

Find out which chip your xbox has\!

**CONEXTANT**
![conextant video](images/Conextant_video.jpg)

**FOCUS**
![focus video](images/Focus_video.jpg)

**XCALIBUR**
![xcalibur video](images/Xcalibur_video.jpg)

### I got a CONEXTANT chip

### I got a FOCUS chip

### I got a XCALIBUR chip

# Without opening the console

Just by looking at the serial number, which is visible through the Xbox
carton, you have a very good chance to find out the version of an Xbox.
You can also get the serial number in Linux with the xbox_tool command.

Please note that these rules may not apply to refurbished models.

## Step 1: Manufacturing Date and Serial Number

On the bottom of the Xbox, you can see the manufacturing date and the
serial number. The manufacturing date is in the following format:

2004-11-20

i.e. YYYY-MM-DD

(Year-Month-Day) which is the date according to ISO 8601.

The serial number looks like this:

3137905 44705

i.e. LNNNNNN YWWFF

L the number of the production line within the factory,

NNNNNN the number of the Xbox within this week,

Y the last digit of the production year,

WW the number of the week of the production year,

FF is the code of the factory (02: Mexico, 03: Hungary, 05: China. 06:
Taiwan).

## Step 2: The Factory

Look at the factory code, i.e. the last two digits of the serial number.

If the factory code is "03" (Hungary), you are done: You can be sure
that it is a 1.0 Xbox. You can even be sure that it contains a Thomson
DVD drive

If the factory code is "02" (Mexico), it is either a 1.0 or a 1.1 Xbox.
Look at the manufacturing date: If it is November 2002 or later, you
have a 1.1 Xbox, else it's a 1.0.

If the factory code is "05" (China), you have at least a 1.1 Xbox.

If the factory code is "06" (Taiwan), you have at least a 1.3 Xbox.

## Step 3: Version Table

If you have a "Halo Special Edition" Xbox (translucent green), you have
version 1.2, which has been made in weeks 8 and 9 of 2003 on lines 2, 5
and 6.

If you have a "Crystal Special Edition" Xbox (translucent white), you
either have a version 1.5 or 1.6 which were made in weeks 32 to 34 of
2004.(Which is not on the list below)

Find out the production line of the Xbox, which is the first digit of
the serial number. Then find out the year and week of your Xbox. The
first digit of the second block is the last digit of the year (i.e. 2 or
3 for 2002 or 2003), and the following two digits are the number of the
week. For example, the serial "1111111 31205" is from week 12/2003.

Now look up the box corresponding to the week and the production line in
the following table. The legend below the table will tell you the
meaning of the colors. *Note*:Anything After 18\\04 Is mainly Unknown
and is most likly to be a version 1.6 or 1.6b.

<table border="0">

<tr >

<td>

<b>Week</b>

</td>

<td>

<b>Line 1</b>

</td>

<td>

<b>Line 2</b>

</td>

<td>

<b>Line 3</b>

</td>

<td>

<b>Line 4</b>

</td>

<td>

<b>Line 5</b>

</td>

<td>

<b>Line 6</b>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

23/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="pink" align="center">

12 Jun

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

34/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue" align="center">

24 Aug

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

39/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue" align="center">

29 sept

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

42/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue" align="center">

18 Oct

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

43/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

44/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

45/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue" align="center">

13 Nov

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

46/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

47/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue" align="center">

20 Nov

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

48/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

49/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat" align="center">

03 Dec

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat" align="center">

03 Dec

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

50/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue" align="center">

13 Dec

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

51/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue" align="center">

19 Dec

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

52/02

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

01/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

02/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat" align="center">

10 Jan

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

03/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

04/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue" align="center">

24 Jan

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat" align="center">

22 Jan

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue" align="center">

20 Jan

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

05/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

06/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

07/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

08/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat" align="center">

21 Feb

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat" align="center">

19 Feb

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

09/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat" align="center">

27 Feb

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

10/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

03 Mar

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

11/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

10 Mar

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat" align="center">

11 Mar

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

12/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

13/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

14/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

02 Apr

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

03 Apr

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

15/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

09 Apr

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

16/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

17/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

18/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="snow" align="center">

\-

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

19/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

04 May

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

20/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

05 May

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

21/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

22/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

23/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

02 Jun

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

24/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

25/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

26/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

27/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

28/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

29/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?-?-?

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

17 Jul

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

30/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen" align="center">

23 Jul

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?-?-?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

23 Jul

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

24 Jul

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

23 Jul

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

23 Jul

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

31/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

28 Jul

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

32/03

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

11/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

2 Mar

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

11/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

11 Mar

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

12/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

18 Mar

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

22 Mar

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

13/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

28 Mar

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

14/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

1 Apr

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

15/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

5 Apr

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold" align="center">

10 Apr

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

16/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

17/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

18/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

31/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

33/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

46/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

11 Nov

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

47/04

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

16 Nov

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro" align="center">

 ?

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

</td>

</tr>

<tr >

<td>

21/05

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

16 May

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral" align="center">

</td>

</tr>

</table>

<b>Legend:</b>

<table border="0">

<tr >

<td bgcolor="pink">

1.0

</td>

<td bgcolor="skyblue">

1.1

</td>

<td bgcolor="wheat">

1.2

</td>

<td bgcolor="palegreen">

1.3

</td>

<td bgcolor="gold">

1.4

</td>

<td bgcolor="coral">

1.6

</td>

<td bgcolor="gainsboro">

unknown

</td>

</tr>

</table>

Retrieved from http://www.xbox-linux.org/wiki/Xbox_Versions_HOWTO
